Team Project: Industrial Project Assignment 2024-2025
Key Information
Title

Industrial Project Portfolio

Assessment set by

Kostantinos Katsifis, Stavros Roupakas, Ioannis Masmanidis

Set Date

Monday, 12th May 2025 10:00

Date set Level of
collaboration

You must submit your assessment files by
Monday 19th May 2025
in Blackboard Submission point

Overview
A real 1-week (approx. 30-40 hour) project each team will implement; defined and (partly) assessed by an
outside/industry partner. It will be weighted 40% towards your final mark.
In this year’s project you are called to develop a web application for supporting the web site of the
Mediterranean College and especially its alumni office.
The objective is to develop a web-based application to support the registration of college’s alumni and the
submission and editing of alumni personal profiles.
Alumni profiles will be grouped according to Mediterranean College’s Schools.
Access privileges will be granted to users according to 3 levels: Administrative, Registered Alumni, Applied
Alumni and Visitors.
Other application requirements (such as profile fields and available functions and operations) will in general
be set by your team. Thus, be aware of the project plan to be properly fit in 30-40 person-hours.
Your application must include the following components:
1. The user interface of your application must be written using one of the following:
a. HTML 5 technologies. This includes HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as well as any JavaScript
frameworks you wish to use., OR
b. C# with a graphical user interface. The user interface can be implemented using
WinForms or WPF.

either

c. WordPress - Joomla or other CMS application.
2. The application must consist of a client piece and one or more server components. The server
components must be non-trivial parts of the application.

3. The application must make use of a relational database for non-trivial storage of data, i.e. the use of the
database must be an integral part of the application. You may use third-party code libraries and
technologies as required, but you must reference your usage of them in your code and in the report
mentioned below.

Deliverables
You must submit the final industrial project in a .zip file according to the following requirements.
The zip file will be named as StudentID_GroupID_IndProj.zip, and will include the following:
1. “Product” folder: contains the running application, database, dlls, etc.




If it is a software application, you must submit the stand-alone running application - no code: All
executables must be built for RELEASE and include all non-standard DLLs that should be installed in
the client's machine (PC).
If it is a web-based application, you must submit the link of the fully working web application.

2. “Report” folder:
Along with your application, you must also include a professional report that includes the following:


A description of the purpose of your application and how to install and run it. In the case of a nonbrowser-based applications, this should include how to install any client-side components.



A detailed description of the technologies used in the development of your application and why
you chose them, including any tradeoffs you have had to make. For example, if you decide to use a
JavaScript framework in the development of your application, you should describe why you used it
and any tradeoffs you have had to make in the use of that framework.



A diary of your work on your assignment. Each entry in the diary should include:
o

The date, start time and end time you worked on the assignment

o

Details of the work you did during this period of working on the assignment

o

Details of any problems you encountered and how you solved them

GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR ASSIGNMENT!
The Industrial Project Assignment Team.

